# Universal-Vaccine-Recipe-Rude

1. Take a commune with suffering pangs of high ranks diseases might prevail.
2. Create babies that are of high in number to count.
3. Select and attract attent of a favourable diseased bowine.
(Make sure to have a creative and uniquel approved majorly upbringing life)
4. The psyche of the cow is intended to be mature and versatile.
5. Perform advents that outline the same in the uniqueness of events that life.
6. Repeat cycles of low increasing measures of high and low basically of consist in cumin, onion, parsely, spinach, pork, fish, fried fish, butter, beef, poultry, dairy, pepper, salt, garlic, ginger, lime, lemon, pumpkin seed, processed mint tablets, noodles, vinegar, rosewater, lentil, plum, orange, watermelon, almond, date, pistachio, redchillies, peppers, corn, kidney bean, red onion, bean, pea, wheat, wheat flour, rye bread, powder of protein, worm from around the world - in blood and belly, pee and filth from households and whereelse.
7. Finally after thrice or more cyclic repeats, make sure to prepare a decent glass of dose that be called Universal-Vaccine to derive from the recipe to follow as these: milk with prepared caramel on high heat, wine with added psycho-pathogen of all nature with moderate, ease and great harm, lower the harmness by heating the milk mix on high heat for minutes to favor, pour the mix into a glass to consume.
8. Wait for 6 hours before you drink or eat even water or bread.
9. Test your dose by taking in some pathogen and wait for it to exit in stool or pee.
10. Test if your skin is as leathery as bowine should.
11. (Communal hazards, humiliation, rape, violence, ghost encounters, anxiety, depression, begging of sorts, loss of wealth, depression)
12. The beneficiaries are many in number and count.
13. The recipe conductor owner of responsibilty preferrably is singular in individual.
14. The responsible owner of conductor must be of high in virtue and principe.
15. Side effects - loss of wealth that could be retained, emergence of acne or pimples mainly in the face and intim.

_voilà - this ends in matter of less than 10 months!
